Corrected a mistake on the dialog element reference (#28539)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmldialogelement/returnvalue/index.md

## Examples

> The following example displays a button to open a {{htmlelement("dialog")}} containing a form via the `showModal()` method. The script assigns the `returnvalue` an initial value. From there, the confirm button submits the form with validation and the "X" button submits the form without validation. Submitting a form with a `method="dialog"` closes the dialog and sets the return value to the `value`, if any, of the `button` or `input` elements of `type=submit`. The reset button has an event handler that closes the dialog; it has no impact on the `returnValue`. Neither does closing the dialog with the <kbd>Esc</kbd> key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example displays a button to open a {{htmlelement("dialog")}} containing a form via the `showModal()` method. The script assigns the `returnValue` an initial value of `initialValue`. The confirm button (`confirmBtn`) submits the form with validation and the "X" button submits the form without validation. Submitting a form with a `method="dialog"` closes the dialog and sets the return value to the `value`, if any, of the `button` or `input` elements of `type=submit`. The reset button has an event handler that closes the dialog; it has no impact on the `returnValue`. Neither does closing the dialog with the <kbd>Esc</kbd> key.
```
